README.md, before:

# Learning from Biosignals Coding Exercises

This repository is a coding exercise for the "Learning from Biosignals" course.

It is simplified version of the TinySleepNet, and its full implementation can be found in [here](https://github.com/akaraspt/tinysleepnet/tree/main).


## Environment
* CUDA 12.1 (optional)
* mne 0.23.4
* matplotlib 3.3.4
* numpy 1.19.5
* pandas 1.1.5
* pyEDFlib 0.1.36
* torch 1.10.2
* scikit-learn 0.24.2
* scipy             1.5.4
* wget 3.2


## Setup a Python Virtual Environment
First, you need to install miniconda to facilitate the creation of virtual Python environment. Please refer to this [link](https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/) for the installation.

Once you have installed the miniconda, you can run the following commands according to your operating system (OS).

For Windows/Ubuntu
```bash
conda create -n sleep python=3.6
conda activate sleep
pip install -r requirements.txt
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda=12.1 -c pytorch -c nvidia
```

For MacOS
```bash
conda create -n sleep python=3.6
conda activate sleep
pip install -r requirements.txt
conda install pytorch::pytorch torchvision torchaudio -c pytorch
```

If you have problems when installing Pytorch, please refer to this [link](https://pytorch.org/) to find an alternative command to run.

## How to run
1. `python download_sleepedf.py`
1. `python prepare_sleepedf.py`
1. `python trainer.py --db sleepedf --gpu 0 --from_fold 0 --to_fold 19`
1. `python predict.py --config_file config/sleepedf.py --model_dir out_sleepedf/train --output_dir out_sleepedf/predict --log_file out_sleepedf/predict.log`


## Citation

If you find this useful, please cite our work as follows:

```text
@INPROCEEDINGS{Supratak2020,
    title = {TinySleepNet: An Efficient Deep Learning Model for Sleep Stage Scoring based on Raw Single-Channel EEG},
    author = {Supratak, Akara and Guo, Yike},
    booktitle = {2020 42nd Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine Biology Society (EMBC),
    year = {2020},
    volume = {}, 
    number = {}, 
    pages = {641-644}, 
    doi = {10.1109/EMBC44109.2020.9176741}, 
    ISSN = {}, 
}
```

Commit message:

update coding exercises
Signed-off-by: Akara Supratak <akara.sup@mahidol.edu>

README.md, after:

# Learning from Biosignals Coding Exercises

This repository is a coding exercise for the "Learning from Biosignals" course.

It is simplified version of the TinySleepNet, and its full implementation can be found in [here](https://github.com/akaraspt/tinysleepnet/tree/main).


## Environment
* CUDA 12.1 (optional)
* mne 0.23.4
* matplotlib 3.3.4
* numpy 1.19.5
* pandas 1.1.5
* pyEDFlib 0.1.36
* torch 1.10.2
* scikit-learn 0.24.2
* scipy             1.5.4
* wget 3.2


## Setup a Python Virtual Environment
First, you need to install miniconda to facilitate the creation of virtual Python environment. Please refer to this [link](https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/) for the installation.

Once you have installed the miniconda, you can run the following commands according to your operating system (OS).

For Windows/Ubuntu
```bash
conda create -n sleep python=3.6
conda activate sleep
pip install -r requirements.txt
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda=12.1 -c pytorch -c nvidia
```

For MacOS
```bash
conda create -n sleep python=3.6
conda activate sleep
pip install -r requirements.txt
conda install pytorch::pytorch torchvision torchaudio -c pytorch
```

If you have problems when installing Pytorch, please refer to this [link](https://pytorch.org/) to find an alternative command to run.

## How to run
1. `python download_sleepedf.py`
1. `python prepare_sleepedf.py`
1. `python trainer.py --db sleepedf --gpu 0 --from_fold 0 --to_fold 19`
1. `python predict.py --config_file config/sleepedf.py --model_dir out_sleepedf/train --output_dir out_sleepedf/predict --log_file out_sleepedf/predict.log`

## Coding Exercise
Modify the [`simple_model`](https://github.com/akaraspt/pmub-learning-biosignals/blob/1d506c57637898e371e7abec018041b57b35d26e/model.py#L12) function in model.py to be the same as the *Representation Learning* part of the TinySleepNet model.

![Alt text](img/tinysleepnet.png "a title")


## Citation

If you find this useful, please cite our work as follows:

```text
@INPROCEEDINGS{Supratak2020,
    title = {TinySleepNet: An Efficient Deep Learning Model for Sleep Stage Scoring based on Raw Single-Channel EEG},
    author = {Supratak, Akara and Guo, Yike},
    booktitle = {2020 42nd Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine Biology Society (EMBC),
    year = {2020},
    volume = {}, 
    number = {}, 
    pages = {641-644}, 
    doi = {10.1109/EMBC44109.2020.9176741}, 
    ISSN = {}, 
}
```
